# Datasets for bar-frequencies paper using S4G data

## Main combined-data table

See the table header (and the paper) for sources.

`s4gbars_table.dat` = data for 1322 individual galaxies in Parent Disk Sample.


## Tables of bar presence/absence

These tables list bar presence/absence (coded as 1 or 0) for galaxies in Sample 1
with log stellar mass between 8.5 and 11, along with log stellar mass, weights, and
(for the 2nd and 3rd table) either *g*-*r* color or log of gas mass ratio.

(These tables can be regenerated by code in the Python `s4gbars_main.ipynb` notebook.)

   * `barpresence_vs_logmstar_for_R_w25_m8.5-11.txt` (563 galaxies)
   
   * `barpresence_vs_logmstar-gmr_for_R_w25.txt` (319 galaxies)
   
   * `barpresence_vs_logmstar-logfgas_for_R_w25.txt` (556 galaxies)


For use with R notebook `s4gbars_R_logistic-regression.ipynb` for weighted logistic regression
analysis.


## Galaxy Zoo 2 bar sizes

The following table contains observed bar sizes in kpc and estimated
stellar masses for Galaxy Zoo 2 bars, based on the data in Hoyle et al.
(2011). It is used in the Python notebook `s4gbars_barsizes.ipynb` to
help make Figure 8 of the paper.


(The table can be regenerated by the `generate_GZ2-bar-sizes_table.py` script, using tables
contained in -- or referenced in -- the external/ subdirecotry.)

   * `GalaxyZoo2_barlengths_alldata.txt`


## 10%/90% LOESS boundaries for bar sizes (GZ2 and S4G); GZ2 bar sizes

These are two-column files with log of stellar mass in the first column and 10% or
90% LOESS-smoothed estimates for bar size (log of observed semi-major axis in kpc).
They are used in the Python notebook `s4gbars_barsizes.ipynb` to help make Figure 8 of the paper.

   * `hoyle+11_gz2_barsizes_10percentile.txt`

   * `hoyle+11_gz2_barsizes_90percentile.txt`
   
   * `s4g_barsizes_10percentile.txt`
   
   * `s4g_barsizes_90percentile.txt`


## Summaries of bar-observation simulations

   * `sim_logMstar_d30_sp_2xfwhm_HST_z0.75_200_dp-sizes.txt`
   
   * `sim_logfgas_d30_2xfwhm_SDSS_200_dp-sizes.txt`
   
   * `sim_logMstar_d30_sp_2xfwhm_HST_z0.75_200_dp-sizes_scale0.5.txt`
   
   * `sim_logfgas_d30m95_sp_2xfwhm_SDSS_200_HI-limited.txt`
   
   * `sim_logMstar_d30_sp_2xfwhm_SDSS_200_dp-sizes.txt`
